role-playing-game: Filled introduction.md with content (#1432)
exercism/rust: exercises/concept/role-playing-game/.docs/introduction.md

# Introduction

## Null-References

If you have ever used another programming language (C/C++, Python, Java, Ruby, Lisp, etc.), it is likely that you have encountered `null` or `nil` before. 
The use of `null` or `nil` is the way that these langugages indicate that a particular variable has no value. 

> However, this makes accidentally calling a variable that points to `null` an easy (and frequent) mistake to make. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, this makes accidentally using a variable that points to `null` an easy (and frequent) mistake to make. 
```

As you might imagine, trying to call a function that isn't there, or access a value that doesn't exist can lead to all sorts of bugs and crashes. 
The creator of `null` went so far as to call it his ['billion-dollar mistake'.](https://www.infoq.com/presentations/Null-References-The-Billion-Dollar-Mistake-Tony-Hoare/)

> ## The Option Type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The `Option` Type
```

To avoid these problems, Rust does not use null-references.

> However, it still needs a (safe) way to indicate that a particular variable has no value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it still needs a safe way to indicate that a particular variable has no value.
```

This is where `Option` comes in.

> Instead of having a variable referencing `null` directly, Rust variables can point to the special `Option` enum.
> This enum, in turn, contains two possible variants: `None` - Rust's null-equivalent; and `Some(T)` - where T is any value of any type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of having a variable which lacks a value, Rust variables can use the `Option` enum.
This enum has two variants: `None`, Rust's null-equivalent; and `Some(T)`, where T is a value of any type.
```

The whole point of `Option` is that it is _not_ special; it's just a normal enum, with some handy methods and traits defined on it. You could define your own version of `Option` with its full feature set, if you really wanted to.

The thing which made null pointers into a mistake, instead of a feature, is that they are special: they're a compiler hack, a value with a special meaning. The fix is in making them into a normal instance of a normal type.

It looks like this:

```rust
enum Option<T> {
    None,
    Some(T),
}
```

> You can think of `Option` as an added layer of safety between you and the problems that null-references can cause, while still retaining their conceptual usefulness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can think of `Option` as a layer of safety between you and the problems that null-references can cause, while still retaining their conceptual usefulness.
```

> ## Using Option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using `Option`
```

let compile_error = number + option_number; // Cannot add an i32 and an Option<i32> - they are of different types
```

If you wish to get the value that is contained by Some, you will first need to check that it exists:

```rust
let mut some_words = Some("choose something to say"); // some_words set to something

match some_words {
    Some(str) => println!("Here, we will {}", str),
    None => println!("I've got nothing to say"),
} // Prints "Here, we will choose something to say"

some_words = None; // some_words now set to None

// exactly the same match block as above
match some_words {
    Some(str) => println!("Here, we will {}", str),
    None => println!("I've got nothing to say"),
} // Prints "I've got nothing to say"
```

In Rust, there are other ways besides `match` that you can check for and access values contained within `Option`, but `match` should be familiar to you by now.

Additionally, consider this a demonstration of why Rust uses `Option` instead of a null-reference.
The point is that **you _must_ check** whether or not the `Option` variable is `Some` (in which case you can go ahead and extract and use the value contained within), or `None`.

> Anything else, and compiler will yell at you - it's trying to keep you safe from `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anything else, and your program will not compile; the compiler is keeping you safe from `null`.
```
